Update Trento Container Installation Instructions (#182)
SUSE/doc-unversioned: trento/migration/container-install.md

   docker network create trento-net
   ```

>    > **Note:** When creating the `trento-net` network, Docker typically assigns a default subnet: `172.17.0.0/16`. Ensure that this subnet is allowed by the rules specified in your PostgreSQL configuration file. For more information, please refer to upstream's [`pg_hba.conf`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/auth-pg-hba-conf.html) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note:** When creating the `trento-net` network, Docker normally assigns a default subnet: `172.17.0.0/16`. Ensure that this subnet is allowed by the rules specified in your PostgreSQL configuration file. For more information, please refer to upstream's [`pg_hba.conf`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/auth-pg-hba-conf.html) documentation.
```

   REFRESH_TOKEN_ENC_SECRET=$(openssl rand -out /dev/stdout 48 | base64)
   ```

> 1. Install the checks on the system in a shared volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the checks on the system in a shared volume:
```

   ```bash
   docker volume create trento-checks \
     && docker run \
     -v trento-checks:/usr/share/trento/checks \
     registry.suse.com/trento/trento-checks:1.0.0
   ```

> 1. Install trento-wanda on Docker:

Reviewer: The sentence sounds weird: you can't install something **on** Docker. Do you mean something like, _Run trento-wanda in a Docker container_?

Reviewer 2: @dmpop I am not familiar enough with Docker to argue otherwise. If you think your suggestion is more accurate, then go for it.

Reviewer 2: "Install trento-wanda on Docker" changed to "Deploy trento-wanda" in both MD and XML files.
"Install trento-web on Docker" changed to "Deploy trento-web" in both MD and XML files.

   e859c07888ca   registry.suse.com/trento/trento-wanda:1.2.0   "/bin/sh -c '/app/bi…"   18 seconds ago   Up 16 seconds   0.0.0.0:4001->4000/tcp, :::4001->4000/tcp   wanda
   ```

>    Both containers should be running and listening on the specified ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Both containers must run and listen on the specified ports.
```
